
Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak
I was wondering why the ball was getting bigger. Then it hit me
I have a few jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work",
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it
Last night, I dreamed I was swimming in an ocean of orange soda. But it was just a Fanta sea
I lost my job at the bank on my very first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He’s all right now
I can’t believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off
The man who survived pepper spray and mustard gas is now a seasoned veteran
My dad farted in an elevator, it was wrong on so many levels
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu - you get what you deserve
What do you call a bee that can’t make up its mind? A maybe
I went to buy some camouflage trousers yesterday but couldn't find any
I tried to sue the airline for losing my luggage. I lost my case
A police officer just knocked on my door and told me my dogs are chasing people on bikes. That’s ridiculous. My dogs don’t even own bikes
The furniture store keeps calling me to come back. But all I wanted was one night stand
When the past, present, and future go camping they always argue. It's intense tense in tents
Let me tell you about my grandfather. He was a good man, a brave man. He had the heart of a lion, and a lifetime ban from the zoo
My dad, unfortunately, passed away when we couldn’t remember his blood type… His last words to us were, 'Be positive!'
What do you call the wife of a hippie? A Mississippi
I wasn’t originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind
There was a kidnapping at school yesterday. Don’t worry, though - he woke up
What did the astronaut say when he was interviewed? No comet.
What do you get when you mix alcohol and literature? Tequila mockingbird
How does an attorney sleep? First he lies on one side, then he lies on the other
My ex-wife still misses me. But her aim is starting to improve
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday, the rest are weekdays
I hate how funerals are always at 9 a.m. I’m not really a mourning person
The other day I tried to make a chemistry joke, but got no reaction
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it
Need an ark? I Noah guy
I walked into my sister's room and tripped on a bra... It was a booby trap
Sleeping comes so naturally to me, I could do it with my eyes closed
How does Moses make coffee? Hebrews it
Police were called to a daycare center where a three-year-old was resisting a rest
I like European food so I decided to Russia over there because I was Hungary. After Czech'ing the menu I ordered Turkey. When I was Finnished I told the waiter 'Spain good but there is Norway I could eat another bite'. He told me 'I bet You Polished off everything
I'm on a seafood diet. Every time I see food, I eat it
Why are frogs so happy? They eat whatever bugs them
The machine at the coin factory just suddenly stopped working, with no explanation. It doesn't make any cents
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing - but it let out a little whine
What do you call a super articulate dinosaur? A Thesaurus
Somebody stole all my lamps… I couldn't be more de-lighted!
What did one flag say to the other? Nothing, it just waved.
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars
I'm not a doctor but I'm losing my patience
Being vegetarian was a huge missed-steak
What would you get if you'd put a lawyer in a suit? A lawsuit
What do you call someone with no life and computer skills? A programmer